{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab L. W. Ge, Y. Cui, and M. Kay, \uc0\u8220{}CALVI: Critical Thinking Assessment for Literacy in Visualizations,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}18. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581406.
\
[2]\tab A. Burns, C. Lee, R. Chawla, E. Peck, and N. Mahyar, \uc0\u8220{}Who Do We Mean When We Talk About Visualization Novices?,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}16. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581524.
\
[3]\tab L. Nourian, K. Shinohara, and G. W. Tigwell, \uc0\u8220{}Understanding Discussions Around Culture Within Courses Covering Topics on Accessibility and Disability at U.S. Universities,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}14. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581533.
\
[4]\tab A. Desjardins {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}On the Making of Alternative Data Encounters: The Odd Interpreters,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}20. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581323.
\
[5]\tab K. Lu, K. Reda, O. Deussen, and Y. Wang, \uc0\u8220{}Interactive Context-Preserving Color Highlighting for Multiclass Scatterplots,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580734.
\
[6]\tab L. An, C. Huwald, D. Mu\uc0\u241{}oz, S. Pedell, and L. Sterling, \uc0\u8220{}Weisst Du wieviel Sternlein stehen? \uc0\u8211{} Building older adults\uc0\u8217{} confidence in technology use through co-designing digital storytelling,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}7. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3573868.
\
[7]\tab R. Comber and C. Rossitto, \uc0\u8220{}Regulating Responsibility: Environmental Sustainability, Law, and the Platformisation of Waste Management,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}19. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581493.
\
[8]\tab Y. Jiang, L. A. Leiva, H. Rezazadegan Tavakoli, P. R. B. Houssel, J. Kylm\uc0\u228{}l\uc0\u228{}, and A. Oulasvirta, \uc0\u8220{}UEyes: Understanding Visual Saliency across User Interface Types,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}21. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581096.
\
[9]\tab J. Kim, A. Srinivasan, N. W. Kim, and Y.-S. Kim, \uc0\u8220{}Exploring Chart Question Answering for Blind and Low Vision Users,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581532.
\
[10]\tab D. Masson, S. Malacria, D. Vogel, E. Lank, and G. Casiez, \uc0\u8220{}ChartDetective: Easy and Accurate Interactive Data Extraction from Complex Vector Charts,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}17. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581113.
\
[11]\tab T. R. Dillahunt {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Understanding Food Planning Strategies of Food Insecure Populations: Implications for Food-Agentic Technologies,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}22. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581568.
\
[12]\tab C. Makalima, Y. Gwala, L. Makasi, A. Baza, and A. M. Lwanga, \uc0\u8220{}Co-designing an Integrated Digital Education Portal for the Eastern Cape Rural Learners,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}7. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3583839.
\
[13]\tab R. Talhouk {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Re-articulating North-South Collaborations in HCI,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}4. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3583752.
\
[14]\tab A. Luusua, J. Ylipulli, D. Kalarikalayil Raju, and E. R\uc0\u246{}nkk\uc0\u246{}, \uc0\u8220{}Bridging Distances for Global Participation: Conducting and Theorizing Participatory Design and Research in Hybrid Contexts: Conducting and Theorizing Participatory Design and Research in Hybrid Contexts,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}5. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3573823.
\
[15]\tab S. Executive Committee {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Going Global: A SIG on the Challenges and Perspectives of Internationalization Within and Across the World of HCI,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}4. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3583171.
\
[16]\tab V. K. Cannanure {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}HCI Across Borders: Towards Global Solidarity,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Extended Abstracts of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI EA \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}5. doi: 10.1145/3544549.3573806.
\
[17]\tab Y. T. Chen, A. D. R. Smith, K. Reinecke, and A. To, \uc0\u8220{}Why, when, and from whom: considerations for collecting and reporting race and ethnicity data in HCI,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581122.
\
[18]\tab R. Albers, S. Sadeghian, M. Laschke, and M. Hassenzahl, \uc0\u8220{}Dying, Death, and the Afterlife in Human-Computer Interaction. A Scoping Review.,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}16. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581199.
\
[19]\tab B. A. Halperin, G. Hsieh, E. McElroy, J. Pierce, and D. K. Rosner, \uc0\u8220{}Probing a Community-Based Conversational Storytelling Agent to Document Digital Stories of Housing Insecurity,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}18. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581109.
\
[20]\tab J. Choi, C. Oh, Y.-S. Kim, and N. W. Kim, \uc0\u8220{}VisLab: Enabling Visualization Designers to Gather Empirically Informed Design Feedback,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}18. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581132.
\
[21]\tab M. Yurrita, T. Draws, A. Balayn, D. Murray-Rust, N. Tintarev, and A. Bozzon, \uc0\u8220{}Disentangling Fairness Perceptions in Algorithmic Decision-Making: the Effects of Explanations, Human Oversight, and Contestability,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}21. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581161.
\
[22]\tab J. Hui, J. King, C. Mcleod, and A. Gonzales, \uc0\u8220{}High Risk, High Reward: Social Networking Online in Under-resourced Communities,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}12. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581084.
\
[23]\tab P. Reynolds-Cu\uc0\u233{}llar {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Para Cima y Pa\uc0\u8217{} Abajo: Building Bridges Between HCI Research in Latin America and in the Global North,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}19. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581138.
\
[24]\tab M. Bancilhon, A. Wright, S. Ha, R. J. Crouser, and A. Ottley, \uc0\u8220{}Why Combining Text and Visualization Could Improve Bayesian Reasoning: A Cognitive Load Perspective,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581218.
\
[25]\tab Y. J. Choi, M. Lee, and S. Lee, \uc0\u8220{}Toward a Multilingual Conversational Agent: Challenges and Expectations of Code-mixing Multilingual Users,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}17. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581445.
\
[26]\tab L. J. Perovich, B. Rogowitz, V. Crabb, J. Vogelsang, S. Hartleben, and D. Offenhuber, \uc0\u8220{}The tactile dimension: a method for physicalizing touch behaviors,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581137.
\
[27]\tab A. Verma, L. Morais, P. Dragicevic, and F. Chevalier, \uc0\u8220{}Designing Resource Allocation Tools to Promote Fair Allocation: Do Visualization and Information Framing Matter?,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}16. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580739.
\
[28]\tab V. Pooryousef, M. Cordeil, L. Besan\uc0\u231{}on, C. Hurter, T. Dwyer, and R. Bassed, \uc0\u8220{}Working with Forensic Practitioners to Understand the Opportunities and Challenges for Mixed-Reality Digital Autopsy,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580768.
\
[29]\tab X. Pu and M. Kay, \uc0\u8220{}How Data Analysts Use a Visualization Grammar in Practice,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}22. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580837.
\
[30]\tab P. Dhawka, H. A. He, and W. Willett, \uc0\u8220{}We are the Data: Challenges and Opportunities for Creating Demographically Diverse Anthropographics,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}14. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581086.
\
[31]\tab X. \uc0\u8220{}Bruce\uc0\u8221{} Liu {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Visual Captions: Augmenting Verbal Communication with On-the-fly Visuals,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}20. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581566.
\
[32]\tab K. Williams, A. Bigelow, and K. E. Isaacs, \uc0\u8220{}Data Abstraction Elephants: The Initial Diversity of Data Representations and Mental Models,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}24. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580669.
\
[33]\tab S. Tandon, A. Abdul-Rahman, and R. Borgo, \uc0\u8220{}Visual Task Performance and Spatial Abilities: An Investigation of Artists and Mathematicians,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}16. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3580765.
\
[34]\tab G. Guo, E. Karavani, A. Endert, and B. C. Kwon, \uc0\u8220{}Causalvis: Visualizations for Causal Inference,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}20. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581236.
\
[35]\tab S. Y. Park and S. W. Lee, \uc0\u8220{}Why \uc0\u8216{}why\uc0\u8217{}? The Importance of Communicating Rationales for Edits in Collaborative Writing,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}25. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581345.
\
}