{\rtf \tx504 \li504 \fi-504 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 [1]\tab M. Lisnic, A. Lex, and M. Kogan, \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Yeah, this graph doesn\uc0\u8217{}t show that\uc0\u8217{}: Analysis of Online Engagement with Misleading Data Visualizations,\uc0\u8221{} Open Science Framework, preprint, Sep. 2023. doi: 10.31219/osf.io/q6j3u.
\
[2]\tab C. X. Bearfield, C. Stokes, A. Lovett, and S. Franconeri, \uc0\u8220{}What Does the Chart Say? Grouping Cues Guide Viewer Comparisons and Conclusions in Bar Charts,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Trans. Visual. Comput. Graphics}, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}12, 2023, doi: 10.1109/TVCG.2023.3289292.
\
[3]\tab N. Elmqvist, \uc0\u8220{}Anywhere & Everywhere: A Mobile, Immersive, and Ubiquitous Vision for Data Analytics.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Oct. 01, 2023. Accessed: Nov. 28, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.00768
\
[4]\tab M.-H. Hong and A. Crisan, \uc0\u8220{}Conversational AI Threads for Visualizing Multidimensional Datasets.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Nov. 09, 2023. Accessed: Nov. 28, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2311.05590
\
[5]\tab M. Bancilhon, L. Padilla, and A. Ottley, \uc0\u8220{}Improving Evaluation Using Visualization Decision-Making Models: A Practical Guide,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Visualization Psychology}, D. Albers Szafir, R. Borgo, M. Chen, D. J. Edwards, B. Fisher, and L. Padilla, Eds., Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2023, pp. 85\uc0\u8211{}107. doi: 10.1007/978-3-031-34738-2_4.
\
[6]\tab J. Scott-Brown and B. Bach, \uc0\u8220{}NetPanorama: A Declarative Grammar for Network Construction, Transformation, and Visualization.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Oct. 29, 2023. Accessed: Nov. 04, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2310.18902
\
[7]\tab C. Gutwin, A. Mairena, and V. Bandi, \uc0\u8220{}Showing Flow: Comparing Usability of Chord and Sankey Diagrams,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}10. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581119.
\
[8]\tab A. Masry, P. Kavehzadeh, X. L. Do, E. Hoque, and S. Joty, \uc0\u8220{}UniChart: A Universal Vision-language Pretrained Model for Chart Comprehension and Reasoning.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Oct. 10, 2023. Accessed: Oct. 23, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14761
\
[9]\tab \uc0\u8220{}2022 SOTI Report.pdf,\uc0\u8221{} Google Docs. Accessed: Oct. 18, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b3EtJ_YDfkiFZnYyQiILO6Ik7U-TdQiG/view?usp=share_link&usp=embed_facebook
\
[10]\tab M. Meyer and J. Dykes, \uc0\u8220{}Criteria for Rigor in Visualization Design Study,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Trans. Visual. Comput. Graphics}, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}1, 2019, doi: 10.1109/TVCG.2019.2934539.
\
[11]\tab A. Howes, J. P. P. Jokinen, and A. Oulasvirta, \uc0\u8220{}Towards machines that understand people,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}AI Magazine}, p. aaai.12116, Sep. 2023, doi: 10.1002/aaai.12116.
\
[12]\tab J. Hullman, A. Holtzman, and A. Gelman, \uc0\u8220{}Artificial Intelligence and Aesthetic Judgment\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[13]\tab A. Kale, Z. Guo, X. L. Qiao, J. Heer, and J. Hullman, \uc0\u8220{}EVM: Incorporating Model Checking into Exploratory Visual Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Aug. 24, 2023. Accessed: Sep. 01, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2308.13024
\
[14]\tab H. Kim, R. Rossi, J. Hullman, and J. Hoffswell, \uc0\u8220{}Dupo: A Mixed-Initiative Authoring Tool for Responsive Visualization.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Aug. 09, 2023. Accessed: Aug. 15, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2308.05136
\
[15]\tab G. Kindlmann and C. Scheidegger, \uc0\u8220{}Algebraic Visualization Design for Pedagogy\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[16]\tab W. Epperson, V. Gorantla, D. Moritz, and A. Perer, \uc0\u8220{}Dead or Alive: Continuous Data Profiling for Interactive Data Science.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Aug. 07, 2023. Accessed: Aug. 14, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2308.03964
\
[17]\tab M. Kay, \uc0\u8220{}ggdist: Visualizations of Distributions and Uncertainty in the Grammar of Graphics,\uc0\u8221{} Open Science Framework, preprint, Aug. 2023. doi: 10.31219/osf.io/2gsz6.
\
[18]\tab A. McNutt and R. Chugh, \uc0\u8220{}Projectional Editors for JSON-Based DSLs.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Jul. 20, 2023. Accessed: Jul. 25, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2307.11260
\
[19]\tab K. Vanacore, A. Sales, A. Liu, and E. Ottmar, \uc0\u8220{}Benefit of Gamification for Persistent Learners: Propensity to Replay Problems Moderates Algebra-Game Effectiveness,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the Tenth ACM Conference on Learning @ Scale}, in L@S \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Jul. 2023, pp. 164\uc0\u8211{}173. doi: 10.1145/3573051.3593395.
\
[20]\tab D. Braun, A. Suh, R. Chang, M. Gleicher, and T. von Landesberger, \uc0\u8220{}Visual Validation versus Visual Estimation: A Study on the Average Value in Scatterplots.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Jul. 18, 2023. Accessed: Jul. 22, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2307.09330
\
[21]\tab P. Mantri, H. Subramonyam, A. L. Michal, and C. Xiong, \uc0\u8220{}How Do Viewers Synthesize Conflicting Information from Data Visualizations?,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Trans. Visual. Comput. Graphics}, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}11, 2022, doi: 10.1109/TVCG.2022.3209467.
\
[22]\tab C. Xiong, C. Stokes, Y.-S. Kim, and S. Franconeri, \uc0\u8220{}Seeing What You Believe or Believing What You See? Belief Biases Correlation Estimation.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Aug. 08, 2022. Accessed: Jul. 13, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2208.04436
\
[23]\tab A. Gaba, V. Setlur, A. Srinivasan, J. Hoffswell, and C. Xiong, \uc0\u8220{}Comparison Conundrum and the Chamber of Visualizations: An Exploration of How Language Influences Visual Design.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Aug. 07, 2022. Accessed: Jul. 13, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2208.03785
\
[24]\tab R. J. K. Jacob {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Reality-based interaction: a framework for post-WIMP interfaces,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the SIGCHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Florence Italy: ACM, Apr. 2008, pp. 201\uc0\u8211{}210. doi: 10.1145/1357054.1357089.
\
[25]\tab M. Correll, \uc0\u8220{}Teru Teru B\\=ozu: Defensive Raincloud Plots,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Computer Graphics Forum}, vol. 42, no. 3, pp. 235\uc0\u8211{}246, Jun. 2023, doi: 10.1111/cgf.14826.
\
[26]\tab J. Shaban, M. L. Wilson, and S. Sharples, \uc0\u8220{}Designing for Reflection on our Daily Mental Workload\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[27]\tab J. Wu, J. J. Y. Chung, and E. Adar, \uc0\u8220{}viz2viz: Prompt-driven stylized visualization generation using a diffusion model.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Apr. 04, 2023. Accessed: Jul. 13, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2304.01919
\
[28]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Design Judgment in Data Visualization Practice.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: Jul. 11, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/9331322
\
[29]\tab P. Parsons, C. M. Gray, A. Baigelenov, and I. Carr, \uc0\u8220{}Design Judgment in Data Visualization Practice,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}2020 IEEE Visualization Conference (VIS)}, Salt Lake City, UT, USA: IEEE, Oct. 2020, pp. 176\uc0\u8211{}180. doi: 10.1109/VIS47514.2020.00042.
\
[30]\tab R. Cullen, E. Heitkemper, U. Backonja, B. Bekemeier, and H.-K. Kong, \uc0\u8220{}Designing an infographic webtool for public health,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association}, p. ocad105, Jun. 2023, doi: 10.1093/jamia/ocad105.
\
[31]\tab H. Li, G. Appleby, C. D. Brumar, R. Chang, and A. Suh, \uc0\u8220{}Characterizing the Users, Challenges, and Visualization Needs of Knowledge Graphs in Practice.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Apr. 05, 2023. Accessed: Jun. 11, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2304.01311
\
[32]\tab Y. Wu, Z. Guo, M. Mamakos, J. Hartline, and J. Hullman, \uc0\u8220{}The Rational Agent Benchmark for Data Visualization.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, Apr. 25, 2023. Accessed: Jun. 11, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2304.03432
\
[33]\tab C. Ranasinghe, J. Krukar, and C. Kray, \uc0\u8220{}Visualizing Location Uncertainty on Mobile Devices: Cross-Cultural Differences in Perceptions and Preferences,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proc. ACM Interact. Mob. Wearable Ubiquitous Technol.}, vol. 2, no. 1, p. 30:1-30:22, Mar. 2018, doi: 10.1145/3191762.
\
[34]\tab K. Rodil, \uc0\u8220{}Reflections on Visualization in Cross-Cultural Design,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}At the intersections of traditional and indigenous knowledges and technology design}, N. J. Bidwell and H. Winschiers-Theophilus, Eds., Informing Science Press, 2015, pp. 319\uc0\u8211{}340.
\
[35]\tab L. A. Leiva, M. Shiripour, and A. Oulasvirta, \uc0\u8220{}Modeling how different user groups perceive webpage aesthetics,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Univ Access Inf Soc}, Aug. 2022, doi: 10.1007/s10209-022-00910-x.
\
[36]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Using Theory to Design Better Interactions with Visualized Data,\uc0\u8221{} Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing. Accessed: Jun. 10, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://simons.berkeley.edu/news/using-theory-design-better-interactions-visualized-data
\
[37]\tab M. Correll, \uc0\u8220{}What do we actually learn from evaluations in the \uc0\u8216{}heroic era\uc0\u8217{} of visualization?: Position paper,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}2020 IEEE Workshop on Evaluation and Beyond-Methodological Approaches to Visualization (BELIV)}, IEEE, 2020, pp. 48\uc0\u8211{}54.
\
[38]\tab J. G. Hollands and B. P. Dyre, \uc0\u8220{}Bias in proportion judgments: the cyclical power model.,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Psychological review}, vol. 107, no. 3, p. 500, 2000.
\
[39]\tab O. Guest and A. E. Martin, \uc0\u8220{}How computational modeling can force theory building in psychological science,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Perspectives on Psychological Science}, vol. 16, no. 4, pp. 789\uc0\u8211{}802, 2021.
\
[40]\tab M. Bancilhon and A. Ottley, \uc0\u8220{}Did You Get The Gist Of It? Understanding How Visualization Impacts Decision-Making,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}arXiv preprint arXiv:2010.04096}, 2020.
\
[41]\tab M. Chen {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}RAMPVIS: Towards a new methodology for developing visualisation capabilities for large-scale emergency responses,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}arXiv preprint arXiv:2012.04757}, 2020.
\
[42]\tab J. Z. Wang, A. X. Zhang, and D. R. Karger, \uc0\u8220{}Designing for Engaging with News using Moral Framing towards Bridging Ideological Divides,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction}, vol. 6, no. GROUP, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}23, 2022.
\
[43]\tab D. J.-L. Lee {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Lux: always-on visualization recommendations for exploratory dataframe workflows,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}arXiv preprint arXiv:2105.00121}, 2021.
\
[44]\tab Z. Wang, J. Ritchie, J. Zhou, F. Chevalier, and B. Bach, \uc0\u8220{}Data comics for reporting controlled user studies in human-computer interaction,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics}, vol. 27, no. 2, pp. 967\uc0\u8211{}977, 2020.
\
[45]\tab S. S. Bae, C. Zheng, M. E. West, E. Y.-L. Do, S. Huron, and D. A. Szafir, \uc0\u8220{}Making data tangible: A cross-disciplinary design space for data physicalization,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, 2022, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}18.
\
[46]\tab A. Suh, G. Appleby, E. W. Anderson, L. Finelli, R. Chang, and D. Cashman, \uc0\u8220{}Visualization Guidelines for Model Performance Communication Between Data Scientists and Subject Matter Experts,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}arXiv preprint arXiv:2205.05749}, 2022.
\
[47]\tab A. Head, A. Xie, and M. A. Hearst, \uc0\u8220{}Math Augmentation: How Authors Enhance the Readability of Formulas using Novel Visual Design Practices,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, 2022, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}18.
\
[48]\tab L. South, D. Saffo, O. Vitek, C. Dunne, and M. A. Borkin, \uc0\u8220{}Effective use of likert scales in visualization evaluations: a systematic review,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Computer Graphics Forum}, Wiley Online Library, 2022, pp. 43\uc0\u8211{}55.
\
[49]\tab S. Gathani, S. Monadjemi, A. Ottley, and L. Battle, \uc0\u8220{}A Grammar-Based Approach for Applying Visualization Taxonomies to Interaction Logs,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Computer Graphics Forum}, Wiley Online Library, 2022, pp. 489\uc0\u8211{}500.
\
[50]\tab H. Kim {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}Cicero: A declarative grammar for responsive visualization,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, 2022, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}15.
\
[51]\tab D. V. Budescu, H.-H. Por, S. B. Broomell, and M. Smithson, \uc0\u8220{}The interpretation of IPCC probabilistic statements around the world,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nature Climate Change}, vol. 4, no. 6, pp. 508\uc0\u8211{}512, 2014.
\
[52]\tab P. Dragicevic, \uc0\u8220{}Towards immersive humanitarian visualizations,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}arXiv preprint arXiv:2204.01313}, 2022.
\
[53]\tab A. Fan, Y. Ma, M. Mancenido, and R. Maciejewski, \uc0\u8220{}Annotating line charts for addressing deception,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2022 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, 2022, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}12.
\
[54]\tab J. Rogers, A. Patton, L. Harmon, A. Lex, and M. Meyer, \uc0\u8220{}Implementing Criteria for Rigor in an Evolutionary Biology Design Study\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[55]\tab L. M. Padilla, M. Powell, M. Kay, and J. Hullman, \uc0\u8220{}Uncertain about uncertainty: How qualitative expressions of forecaster confidence impact decision-making with uncertainty visualizations,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Frontiers in Psychology}, vol. 11, p. 579267, 2021.
\
[56]\tab A. Kale, M. Kay, and J. Hullman, \uc0\u8220{}Visual reasoning strategies for effect size judgments and decisions,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE transactions on visualization and computer graphics}, vol. 27, no. 2, pp. 272\uc0\u8211{}282, 2020.
\
[57]\tab B. V. Hanrahan, N. F. Ma, E. Betanzos, and S. Savage, \uc0\u8220{}Reciprocal research: Providing value in design research from the outset in the rural united states,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2020 International Conference on Information and Communication Technologies and Development}, 2020, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}5.
\
[58]\tab C. Flores-Saviaga, Y. Li, B. Hanrahan, J. Bigham, and S. Savage, \uc0\u8220{}The challenges of crowd workers in rural and urban America,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Human Computation and Crowdsourcing}, 2020, pp. 159\uc0\u8211{}162.
\
[59]\tab K. B. Schloss, M. A. Schoenlein, and K. Mukherjee, \uc0\u8220{}Color semantics for visual communication\uc0\u8221{}.
\
[60]\tab K. B. Schloss, Z. Leggon, and L. Lessard, \uc0\u8220{}Semantic discriminability for visual communication,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Ieee transactions on visualization and computer graphics}, vol. 27, no. 2, pp. 1022\uc0\u8211{}1031, 2020.
\
[61]\tab A. McNutt, G. Kindlmann, and M. Correll, \uc0\u8220{}Surfacing Visualization Mirages,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2020 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Apr. 2020, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}16. doi: 10.1145/3313831.3376420.
\
[62]\tab H. Song and J. Stasko, \uc0\u8220{}Understanding and Measuring the Effects of Graphical Dimensions on Viewers\uc0\u8217{} Perceived Chart Credibility.\uc0\u8221{} arXiv, May 31, 2023. Accessed: Jun. 04, 2023. [Online]. Available: http://arxiv.org/abs/2305.20079
\
[63]\tab Jansen, Yvonne {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}An Interdisciplinary Approach to Designing and Evaluating Data-Driven Interactive Experiences for Sustainable Decision-Making,\uc0\u8221{} May 2023, doi: 10.5281/ZENODO.7961762.
\
[64]\tab L. M. Cotter and S. Yang, \uc0\u8220{}Are interactive and tailored data visualizations effective in promoting flu vaccination among the elderly? Evidence from a randomized experiment,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association}, p. ocad087, May 2023, doi: 10.1093/jamia/ocad087.
\
[65]\tab P. Dhawka, H. A. He, and W. Willett, \uc0\u8220{}We are the Data: Challenges and Opportunities for Creating Demographically Diverse Anthropographics,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, in CHI \uc0\u8217{}23. New York, NY, USA: Association for Computing Machinery, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}14. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581086.
\
[66]\tab M. Correll, \uc0\u8220{}Teru Teru B\\=ozu: Defensive Raincloud Plots.\uc0\u8221{} Mar. 30, 2023. doi: 10.48550/arXiv.2303.17709.
\
[67]\tab S. Gupta, A. Karduni, and E. Wall, \uc0\u8220{}A Mixed-method Study on Belief Movement Over Time,\uc0\u8221{} 2023.
\
[68]\tab H. Kaur, H. Nori, S. Jenkins, R. Caruana, H. Wallach, and J. W. Vaughan, \uc0\u8220{}Interpreting Interpretability: Understanding Data Scientists\uc0\u8217{} Use of Interpretability Tools for Machine Learning,\uc0\u8221{} presented at the CHI 2020, Apr. 2020. Accessed: May 22, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/interpreting-interpretability-understanding-data-scientists-use-of-interpretability-tools-for-machine-learning/
\
[69]\tab R. A. Furrer, K. Schloss, G. Lupyan, P. M. Niedenthal, and A. Wood, \uc0\u8220{}Red and blue states: dichotomized maps mislead and reduce perceived voting influence,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cognitive Research: Principles and Implications}, vol. 8, no. 1, p. 11, Feb. 2023, doi: 10.1186/s41235-023-00465-2.
\
[70]\tab C. Ware, M. Stone, and D. A. Szafir, \uc0\u8220{}Rainbow Colormaps Are Not All Bad,\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications}, vol. 43, no. 3, pp. 88\uc0\u8211{}93, May 2023, doi: 10.1109/MCG.2023.3246111.
\
[71]\tab \uc0\u8220{}Active causal structure learning in continuous time | Elsevier Enhanced Reader.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed: May 18, 2023. [Online]. Available: https://reader.elsevier.com/reader/sd/pii/S0010028522000780?token=C06E7F2A70417E680BAAE330F8D77270CA3E99A29773A1F5F934FF453A568E47D8D5DBA31959DFC957A63E64475E24CF&originRegion=us-east-1&originCreation=20230518172632
\
[72]\tab G. Mcneill {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}From Asymptomatics to Zombies: Visualization-Based Education of Disease Modeling for Children,\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Proceedings of the 2023 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems}, Hamburg Germany: ACM, Apr. 2023, pp. 1\uc0\u8211{}17. doi: 10.1145/3544548.3581573.
\
[73]\tab S. Zhang, P. R. Heck, M. Meyer, C. F. Chabris, D. G. Goldstein, and J. M. Hofman, \uc0\u8220{}An illusion of predictability in scientific results.\uc0\u8221{} SocArXiv, Apr. 29, 2022. doi: 10.31235/osf.io/5tcgs.
\
}